Hey friends, this is Scott.
I want you to know
how much I appreciate you
as listeners. And I hope
you appreciate my sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Raygun provides full stack error,
crash, and performance monitoring for
tech teams. Whether you're a
software engineer looking to diagnose
and resolve issues with greater
speed and accuracy or a
product manager drowning in bug
reports, or maybe you're just
concerned. You're losing customers to
poor quality online experiences. Raygun
can provide you with the
answers. Get full stack error
and performance monitoring in one
place. The next time you're
struggling to replicate errors and
performance issues in your code
base. Think Raygun head over
to reagan.com. That's our a
Y G U n.com and
get up and running within
minutes and dramatically improve your
online experiences of your users.
Hi, this is Scott Hanselman.
This is another episode of
Hansel minutes today. I'm talking
with Kristen Lee. She's a
UX research, right? Empowered and
a YouTuber. How are you?
Hey, I'm great, Scott. Thanks
for having me. Thanks for
coming on the show. I
found you while I was
frankly, Googling around and learning
about bootcamps because I'm interested
in how people find their
way into tech. And it
looks like you already had
a well-established YouTube channel. So
were you a techie before
you went to a boot
camp? Not at all. Well,
I would say a little
bit from school. I have
a, I have a master's
in journalism from San Jose
state. So being in Silicon
Valley, the journalism program incorporated
some app development and we
did some videography. So I
dabbled in that. But for
the most part, no, I
did not have a, a
solid foundation. It does kind
of raise the question though.
What is a techie? Like,
is it someone who can
find a file on the
disc? Cause I constantly, I'm
always having nontechnical family members
say I've lost this file
and it's like, Oh, well
they put it in documents
instead of download or it's
on the desktop. And then
they're amazed if I find
the file and then I
go, you're a techie. You
found that file. Like, what
is the, what is the
base like how technical is
technical? Yeah, That's true. It
seems like a buzz word
today for anyone who knows
anything that is electronic bass
Is configuring your own router,
like going to, going to
best buy buying a router
or setting it up. Is
that techie or is that
just following instructions? Well, And
I think there's also like
a, a point where there's
a certain amount of nerdiness
within the techie, you know,
there's like the hip techie
people and then more people
who nerd out more. I
don't know. Yeah. Well, and
then there's like you were
saying that you've done like
media creation, like there's the
Adobe creative cloud level of
techie, right? Yeah. Asset management
and rendering. And then there's
the like coding techie. Definitely.
So you had a master's
degree already. That's an advanced
degree. That's a graduate degree.
That's more than a lot
of people. Were you not
interested in being a journalist?
Why go to a bootcamp
and not do a master's
in computer science? I didn't
know. I wanted to work
in tech to be honest.
I, I kind of did
what I don't recommend those
people doing and which is
going back to school when
you're still trying to figure
out what you want to
do. Cause that does not
solve the answer at all.
But that's pretty much what
I did after, after changing
my career path from physical
therapy, I decided to just
go for journalism. Cause it
seemed to just be something
that you can apply to
any industry, which I guess
is partially true for my
experience. But that's pretty much
the reason why I got
the masters and I don't
really need it. I, I
think if you go through
coding bootcamp, especially nowadays, since
it's more common, that's absolutely
fine. Really? Cause that brings
up an interesting question about
how to position these things.
Because you know, currently as
of the time of this
recording, the U S is
at about 4% unemployment and
people would like to say,
yeah, anyone with any tech
ability at all can just,
you know, throw a rock
and get a, get a
job as a techie. Do
you think that having bootcamp
on your resume is more
important than having master's degree
on your resume? I think
it depends on the type
of job position that you
want to have. And I
often tell people that getting
a job after bootcamp is
a lot different than actually
the studying and going through
coding. And Buki, they're both
like two huge different journeys.
Well, let's break down the,
the why a boot camp
and the going through the
process. And then we'll, we'll
follow up with how we
go and get a job
after boot camp. So you
went and got a, you
went, got a, went to
a boot camp. How did
you pick that boot camp?
And how did you know
that they were going to
succeed in teaching you what
you wanted to learn? So
for picking the bootcamp, it
was overwhelming. Like many people.
I did a Google search.
I looked at reviews, which
don't help you at all.
Cause you always hear the
good and the bad and
typically it's more bad than
good. And I ended up
narrowing down what I wanted
to do. So I thought
I wanted to do more
front end development. So I
focused on the bootcamps that
do that. And today there's
a bazillion types of boot
camps. There's big data. There's
dev ops. Now there's design
bootcamp. So that's number, one
thing you need to do
first is decide where w
decide what you want to
do after bootcamp. And we're
choosing, I chose tech talent
South they're local. I I'm
trying to go back. So
I was trying to decide
between tech talent, South, another
local boot camp and an
online boot camp, because it
just seemed convenient to still
do my full time job
and go to school. But
I nixed that idea because
knowing myself and how I
learn, I need to be
in a classroom setting. And
if I just go ahead,
I'm sorry. I was going
to say, it seems like
if you are a person
who is trying to get
into tech and someone says,
do an online bootcamp, the
assumption is you're already what
they call a digital native,
right? You're already super comfortable
online. But to the point
about before you could get
stuck and then you're all
alone, you're online and you
are stuck on an exercise
and now you have to
go. And the only way
you can get help is
email somebody. Yeah, definitely. And
they have mentors. I know
some have they do a
like Skype with your mentor
once a week or something.
But I having my teacher
in person and then being
able to work with my
classmates after class, like we
would get together and work
on our projects over dinner.
We just call her or
text each other. When we
got stuck on homework, having
that community around me made
it much more bearable. Cause
it is stressful. It's not
easy at all to go
through boot camp. So it
just made it easier to
learn and to commiserate and
everything. Now, when people go
to college, we know that
like right now in the
United States, like top tier private
universities are super expensive. Even
a public university is going
to cost you many, many
tens of thousands of dollars,
but a bootcamp isn't cheap
either. Like people could spend
eight to 12 weeks and
they could spend $10,000 for
this unaccredited, unknown, unregulated thing.
Yeah. That's the scary thing
about it. And that's why
you have to do your
research. I recommend talking to
the teachers and just going
in and just seeing where
the school takes place and
just meeting everyone who, who
works there and also talking
to former students and seeing
where they are today. Because
there, there are some scammy
bootcamps. I can't say as
far as today, since you
know, I've been out for
two years now, but you
definitely need to, you know,
dig in and make sure
it's, you know, it's actually
a company that wants to
help you. You know? And
that's, that's why I loved
my, my community so much.
They say that compared to
self study that a bootcamp,
you know, it gives you
that motivation. Like you said,
you have a community of
people around you, but you're
effectively investing this $10,000 or
some huge amount of money.
And I assume this isn't
a 40 hour a week
thing. You don't just show
up at nine and leave
at five. You're basically, you
know, not sleeping for 10
weeks as you immerse yourself
in the bootcamp, you needed
to try Not to not
sleep. Cause I, I quickly
learned that getting three, four
hours of sleep a night,
it, it definitely hurts you
to next day when you're
trying to, trying to follow
the teacher because they go
so freaking fast and it
doesn't matter how many cups
of coffee you drink. If
you don't have the rest
is going to be hard
to follow and retain everything.
That's interesting because people are
saying that boot camps could
be a way to get
more women and more people
of color into, into the
kind of the pipeline and
encourage people that maybe are
high school, only a high
school educated person or older
people or former teachers. Like
it's a way to get,
they call nontraditional folks into
this. But now you're saying
it goes really fast. Doesn't
that mean that people are
gonna get left behind if
they can't keep up. It
depends on the program and
how advanced it is, but
you are completely right. It
does help people. One of
my friends, my close friends
from boot camp only has
a high school diploma. And
now he has an awesome
jobs doing dev ops. Oh
wow. Okay. But did he,
was he set up for
success in that he knew
something already. Like I'm realizing
that my 10 and 12
year old boys, my sons
are getting a 10 year
head start because they have
iPads and they have laptops.
Well, someone who maybe comes
in from a, you know,
like a farming environment or
rural environment, they may not
actually have got their first
computer until they're there. They're
20. Is that 10 years
of, of being around computers,
a I'm giving my kids
a leg up against someone
else. That's a good point.
I, yeah, I think that
could definitely have something to
do with it. Yeah. Were
you always around computers growing
up? Yes. Yes. I, I
remember being in middle school
and being one of the
few people who actually used
AOL. Let's see. So you,
as interesting. So you were
not only kind of, you're
a digital native as they
like to say, right. You
were online before everybody else
did. What do you think
that, that made you go
into a bootcamp saying, Oh,
well this is just something
I need to learn. Like
it's knowable as opposed to
that sense that you get,
you know, I'm sure you
have this when you're hanging
out with nontechnical family members
at Christmas or it's like,
Oh yeah. Kristen said techie,
you know, but that's not
for me. I don't know
anything about first thing To
me. I thought of it
as noble, but that's because,
and grad school, I had
a, I think it was
a project management class and
our teacher pretty much just
had his teacher selves, how
to code, how to, how
to use WordPress and go
in on the backend and
to make some changes. So
I thought, well, I had
to watch all of these
Linda videos. I can just
go to codeacademy.com and to
make sure that even liked
this stuff. And then when
I realized I did I
enrolled in coding, boot camps,
like, Oh, well, I like
it. And I can learn
myself. So why not? So
it wasn't threatening, I guess
is what I'm saying. No,
it wasn't threatening. Yeah. I
mean, not to say I
wasn't nervous about the bootcamp.
Yeah. I'm trying to get
a sense or to understand
like what separates people that
want to like, and I've
talked about this before on
the show who wants to
take apart the toaster when
it's broken versus who's like,
and forget it. I'm just
going to buy a new
toaster. I don't know why
it doesn't work. That is
a good question there. I
will say they were people
maybe let's see. No, there
was only one person who
dropped out of my, my
cohort when I went through.
So it's definitely not for
everybody. I think it's yeah.
Depending on people's expectations, I
know some people just are
doing it for the money.
I think they can just
learn it all in the
bootcamp, but you're right. You
need to have some type
of background or at least
study on your own before
enrolling to ensure that, you
know, you have success in
this. So you were on
AOL before you had a
computer before she had, like,
it was in your life.
You were familiar with computers,
but how far down the
stack did you go? I
have a, a young woman
on my team and I
was trying to teach her
something low level because when
I grew up in the
computer world, I learned like
assembler. And we would say,
I went from the metal
up, like from the processor
up. But she said, when
she learned, she went from
like the screen or the
glass of the monitor back,
they learned in like F
12 tools in Chrome. And
JavaScript is the new metal.
When you're in a bootcamp.
Are they talking about computer
science, tech techniques, like virtual
memory and memory allocation, all
kind of stuff, or are
they really talking about web
development and what, and is
Chrome the computer During my
program, we focused on web
development. We did a lot
of web apps. So we,
we did, we did a
little bit of the foundation,
HTML, CSS, and then foundational
JavaScript. And then we started
focusing more on, on NBC
and making things with Ruby
on rails. Do you, what
do you, what do you,
what do you feel about
that? It's almost like when
you learn to drive a
car, do you learn an
automatic or do you learn
a stick shift Automatic? For
sure. So that's really cool
though, because I think that's
interesting. And that's, I think
teaching people who are maybe
over 40, that, you know,
you don't need to know
a stick shift to be
an effective driver. Do you
like, you know what I
mean? Like, it's cool that
you could, if you were
interested in that, but it's
not required, we're just making
websites here. Do you think
that there's a reason to
go any deeper or are
people being elitist when they
say, well, you really need
to learn how to drive
a stick shift if you're
going to be an effective
driver. That's interesting. I, I,
I honestly, I can't say,
but I always hear people
newbies say that they want
to learn how to build
things from scratch. And I
just think, I just, I
personally don't think it's necessary.
I mean, as someone who
did freelance web design and
my current company, never has
anyone done things from scratch
because it's just not efficient,
you know, and see why
they think that because of
trying to learn everything. But
what developer really knows everything
like starting off, you know,
and the first couple years
of learning, that's a good
point dying themselves up for
disappointment. Yeah. And also, I
think as, as someone who
myself, who wants to bring
more people into tech, if
I'm trying to go and
shove 20 or 30 years
of computer science into someone's
head in a month, that's
just going to push them
away from tech entirely. Definitely.
Yeah. So your focus is
on getting stuff done. And
if w what do you
do then if you're at
a bootcamp and you hit
some low level thing, like,
you know, I mean, I'm
just brainstorming here, you know,
an SSL certificate expires, or
there's a cookie that somehow
being truncated by something, you
know, these are like, now
you're into F 12 tools
and you're learning what's going
on at the, at the
TCP and the HTTP level.
Do they, is that just
like, well, ask somebody and
get help, or do you
then dive into how, you
know, let's talk about how
the internet itself works. Definitely
in bootcamp, you asked someone
and which is really hard
to do, because we all
don't want to admit that
we can't solve something ourselves.
And so we ended up
not be able to move
forward, because like I said,
the program goes by so
quickly, you don't want to
be stuck for two days
on something. So the idea
that you're trying to figure
out what the right level
to learn is, and what's
too low, what's too high.
And then if you do
ask though, you're going to
feel sad that, Oh, gosh,
if I have, I let
out, have I let on
that? I don't belong here.
Yeah. And everyone feels that
way when you're in boot
camp, you think you're the
dumbest person in class, but,
but everyone's just as lost.
Interesting. So it was not
lonely. It was a, there
was a good community because
we're all clueless together. Oh
my gosh. Yes. But in
the, in the beginning, no
one, no one knows that.
So you're sitting there on
day one, just looking around,
going, what have I done?
That was me. And we
had a, I think, I
think his title as community
organizer, who would do check
ins with us every few
weeks. And so we would
vent to him and let
as to how we're doing.
And that's how I found
out that I wasn't the
dumbest person in class. It's
not that we're keeping score
to be clear, respect to
the other people of varying
levels of dumbness. Yeah. I
remember we had a meeting
and he said, Kristin, the
person I just met with
30 minutes ago literally said
the same thing and feels
the same way you do
right now. And so just
knowing that I wasn't alone
and that kind of also
puts your guard down as
well. And I think that
helps with the community feeling.
It is really hard though,
to express that you don't
know something. And then when
you're told that, well, you
should be blogging and you
should maybe consider speaking at
conferences. You should get your
name out there. That's asking
a lot of anyone to
go and talk about doing
something, because at any moment,
some random internet person could
go and say, you have
no idea what you're talking
about. And look, here's a
link to your blog where
I know for a fact,
you have no idea what
you're talking about. Look right
there, see what you wrote.
That was dumb. I actually
get scared about that. About
my YouTube channel sometimes. Yeah.
Yeah. Cause I mean, you
hear so many different opinions
about things online and everyone
has an opinion, so it's,
it's kind of hard it's
yeah. Yeah. Literally before I
got on the call with
you here, I went and
wrote a blog post. That's
actually a followup to another
blog post. I wrote this
blog post all about caching
and caching and web applications.
And like the first comment
was like, this is a
bad idea. You know, I
was like, Oh no, I'm
reading this. I'm like, I'm
looking at this comment right
now. It's like, you may
get away with it if
you know, but in, you
know, basically it's like this
works, but it's, it's working
because you're lucky and it's
a bad practice and you
basically suck, you know, and
he was super nice about
it, but I was just
like, Oh, well, do I
delete the blog posts now?
Or do I just, what
do I do? Like, how
do I, where do I
emotionally put that information that
this sucks. So it kind
of messed me up for
a day. And then I
ended up doing the research
and I wrote a followup
blog post linked the first
one to the followup and
then said, yeah, this is
wrong. And here's why, and
I kind of like, it
seems obvious in hindsight, but
this is good. And thank
you so much for the
comment. You know, it wasn't
a troll, it was like
a genuinely nice person trying
to help out. But that
takes a lot of emotional
fortitude to be able to
go through like the whole
process there. Oh definitely. And
as I I've shared my
coding journey and just getting
an attack journey on YouTube,
that's definitely happened to me
a number of times. And
I've learned that. I mean,
yeah, sometimes I am wrong,
but also there are many
times when you can have
the same result by doing
something different. Did, do you
find YouTube to be a
friendly or not friendly environment?
Like, are you, you, you
go and talk about going
through a boot camp and
then do the trolls show
up or are people pretty
positive? People have been pretty
positive. I've I've gotten a
few marriage proposals. I have
not. I wonder why you
have received marriage proposals and
I have not. Do you
find that being a woman
in tech is just half
marriage proposals and have people
telling you that you're dumb?
No, no. I think there's
a lot of people rooting
for me. And a lot
of people who, who view
me as, you know, an
example that look, she does
it so I can do
it too, which is why
I kept going with my
YouTube channel. That's good. It's,
it's important for all of
us to do that. I
mean, even though I'm 18,
20 years ahead of you
in my career, I, I
hope when I write a
blog post where I say,
yeah, I was totally wrong.
That was a mistake. And
I'm cool about it and
pleasant about it. Makes it
clear that it's about, it's
about the journey and it's
not about some theoretical and
were like, yes. And now
I know everything. Thank you.
I've made it. Yeah, That
would, that would not be
very exciting. And you know,
you kind of just reminded
me of this graph. I
saw about, you know, when
you first start learning code
and how you just, you
feel like you don't know
anything. And then there's a
phase where you feel like
a God, he know everything
and it's something else happens
and it's just back and
forth. And it just keeps
going. Like even after 20
years, that graph says, like,
you still have that there's
moments where you don't feel
like, you know, everything That
I love that you said
that because you literally nailed
like my last three blog
posts, like the first one,
I'm like, I'm learning all
about caching and how to
do things correctly. And like,
look at this code. It's
the most elegant 12 lines
ever. And then, and then
of course the you're doing
it entirely wrong comment and
happened. And then I was
like, okay. And I learned,
I learned like, Oh my
God, what was I thinking?
That was the worst 12
lines. And then 12 became
three lines, you know? And
now I'm thinking I might
be able to get it
down to two, you know?
Yeah. And I, that's something
we don't realize when you,
when you come into this
industry that you're constantly learning
and you still have your
bad days, Isn't it funny
how they tell you that,
but you still don't really
internalize it. Like you don't
really get like, Oh yeah.
You're always learning. No, you're
really like really seriously. You're
always learning. Like, what do
you, what's it going to
take? If you understand that
you will be learning like
your degree. It means nothing.
Like I went to school
in the late nineties. It
means nothing. It's all changed.
The whole Internet's different. Hey
friends, this is Scott. I
want you to know how
much I appreciate you as
listeners. And I hope you
appreciate my sponsors because they
make the show possible. Raygun
provides full stack error, crash,
and performance monitoring for tech
teams, whether you're a software
engineer looking to diagnose and
resolve issues with greater speed
and accuracy or a product
manager drowning in bug reports,
or maybe you're just concerned.
You're losing customers to poor
quality online experiences. Raygun can
provide you with the answers,
get full stack error and
performance monitoring in one place.
The next time you're struggling
to replicate errors and performance
issues and your code base
think Raygun head over to
raygun.com. That's R a Y
G U n.com and get
up and running within minutes
and dramatically improve your online
experiences of your users. That
kind of reminds me of
imposter syndrome as well. Cause
I had many people warn
me that once I start
working full time, I'm going
to get imposter syndrome after
boot camp. And it wasn't
until I was venting to
a more senior friend who,
when he pointed out that
that was imposter syndrome, I
was like, this is ed.
This feeling depressed and being
afraid of my boss is
going to fire me Well.
And, and that brings up
these issues of privilege that
I've talked about before on
the show, which is, who
has the ability to have
imposter syndrome publicly and who
just sneaks home and notices?
No one, like maybe no
one will notice that I'm
an imposter. And definitely as
someone who's older and had
been in tech, I can
go in a con in
a, in a, in a
meeting and I can say,
what does that acronym mean?
And people probably won't flip
the bozo bit on me
and go, Oh man, Hanselman.
He has no idea what
he's talking about, but if
you've only been at the
company two weeks and you're
like, what does this mean?
Maybe people will be like,
wow. Christian should know that.
Yeah. I've definitely felt that.
So how instrumental was having
done this code camp to
getting your job? Like, did
you have, is there any
stigma attached to having bootcamp
on, on your resume? I
did not experience that or
at least I identity since
any stigmatism for that coding
boot camp definitely is the
reason why I got my
amazing job. Trying to go
back to think about stigmas,
but no, I can't think
of any. Do you think,
did you, let me ask
you this, did your tech
resume that the resume, you
hand it around say master's
degree on it. And do
you think that people cared
like, Oh wow. Master suite?
Cause I always like, I
didn't, I don't have a
master's degree, so I'm always
like, Ooh, graduate school. When
I see a resume that
has graduate school on No,
actually I got more, I
got a bigger response about
doing freelance web design after
boot camp. Not many people
acknowledge my master's degree. Interesting.
Is it at the bottom
of the resume or is
on page two? I think
it's at the bottom. I've
rearranged it recently right now.
It's at the bottom. So
I mean, that could be
it, but my bootcamps at
the bottom as well. Yeah.
Our bootcamps given a grade.
Do you have any idea
who came out at the
top of the class or
who really did well or
is it about the portfolio
that you're building while you're
doing the bootcamp? It's definitely
portfolio portfolio driven. We didn't
grade anything. Honestly, we would,
we would come back to
class with our assignment and
go over them and, you
know, discuss any problems everyone
had with it. But no,
we didn't grade and it
wasn't certificate either. You have
a video that I'll link
to in the show notes.
And that's again, how I
found you, which is, you
know, how to get a
job after it, after a
boot camp and how it
went. And you basically call
out three things that you
think people need to focus
on when they are coming
out of a bootcamp to
get a job. Oh yeah,
definitely. So, especially in my
experience and about everyone in
my cohort, my cohort was
about 12 people. We landed
jobs through networking. Oh my
gosh. And speaking of which
one of my friends has
now accepted her second job
after bootcamp at Microsoft. And
she made that connection and
a meetup group Really interesting.
All right. Well I will
have to say hi. Yeah.
So I always talk highly
of meetup groups and just
not just being upfront and
saying, Oh, I just got
a bootcamp. I'm looking for
a job. Are you hiring?
But just, just getting to
know that person and what
they do and yeah. Just
getting to know them and
maybe viewing them as more
of a mentor in the
future, not showed up saying
we'd be my mentor, but
just staying connected, adding them
on LinkedIn and following up
a week or two later.
Yeah. What is that quote?
That luck is what happens
when preparation meets opportunity. It
seems like meetups are really
an opportunity for you to
make opportunity. Like you, you
show up and if you
go to beat, you know,
two or three, if you
can, if you can go
to a couple of meetups
a week and be visible,
people will start saying, Oh,
there's a new person in
the community. I liked that.
You said be visible because
going to a meet up,
not talking to someone and
going home, that's not going
to benefit you at all.
You need to at least
raise your hand, ask a
question or two. Or if
you don't like the idea
of so many people seeing
or hearing you speak, go
up to the speaker afterwards
and introduce yourself and just
say you liked their presentation.
You know, that's, that's a
great start.  so it
sounds like, like, did they
teach you to go to
meetups? Like does the boot
camp say, okay, good job,
good job. See ya. And
then they kick you out
the door or do you
do they say all right
now it's time to learn
about how to network and
how to be confident and
how to shake hands and
look people in the eye.
They did recommend meetups a
lot, but no one really
explained networking and how to
do it properly. And that
is something I wish they
would touch on more as
to confidence because that's probably
the thing after bootcamp. Yeah.
Being a techie, being a
coder is really more about
communication than anyone ever realized.
Like, you can be by
yourself, you can get the
job in via email. You
can do the job and
then send them the code
via email, but being an
effective team member, you know,
being a is about networking.
It's about being good in
your group. It's about white
boarding. It's about explaining yourself
about advocating for yourself. It's
hard. Definitely. So let me
ask you this. As we,
as we get towards the
end here, like where do
you see techie ending and
coder or programmer starting and
on that gradient, as we
were talking about, when do
you, when do you say
all right, you know, I
could actually write an app.
I'm I'm, I'm a coder
now. Like I'm, I'm a
member of the community. So
you're asking when someone can
say whether or not they're
a coder versus being a
techie. Yeah. Or, or is
that even an inappropriate a
label? I don't know. Okay.
First I was thinking, you
could call yourself a coder
when you're doing it professionally,
but I know so many
great developers who do it
in their free time for
fun, That are not doing
it in their jobs. Like
for, for my Correct. They're
doing their jobs. That's a
good question because no one
says like, no one has
said that this is a
requirement that you have to
get paid. If you did
your church's website or you
did your kid's little league.
definitely. And then I
also wonder about skill level
too. Cause when I hear
a techie, I'm not really
like, that could be beginner.
That could, I don't know.
That could be anything. Well,
this gets down to like,
what do we tell our
family members at Thanksgiving? You
know, I just say like,
computer person seems to be
like the generic. I'm not
going to fix your computer,
but yes, I know how
to, if I needed to.
And ultimately I'm going to
end up fixing your computer.
Anyway. The funny thing is,
even though I know some
front end and WordPress and
now UX people ask me
questions about servers and other
things that go way over
my head. I'm like, okay,
just because I can design
a website doesn't mean I
know what to do when
the wifi isn't. Yeah. Well,
but fortunately you do know
how to learn now and
you know how to learn
texts. So if you chose
to be a server person,
you know what to do,
that is true. Very cool.
Well, thanks so much for
chatting with me today. Yeah.
Thanks for having me. This
was fun. Make sure that
you check out the show
notes. I'm going to have
links to Kristen's a YouTube
channel and the coding boot
camp video that got me
in touch with her. This
has been another episode of
Hansel minutes and we'll see
you again next week.